Your full name and netid and your teammate's full name and netid.

Ariel Yuan (ay3052), Grace Best(gb5279)

A paragraph describing your contribution, and another paragraph
describing your teammate's contribution. Please be thorough; we're
looking for two substantial paragraphs, not a sentence or two. (If
you worked alone, then you should skip this section.)

Ariel referenced the lectures and handouts about IODELAY, CDELAY,
sockets, reading and writing to files, multithreading, server
client communication, and dotenv in order to lay out the foundational
structure of code in regserver.py, regoverview.py, and regdetails.py.
She designed the guidelines of parsing the existing code from assignment 1
into the server-side and client-side based on what clients should access
and receive as output in the terminal. She debugged the socket connections,
opens and closes, and passing as arguments. She also made sure the style
was in accordance with pylint's requirements and optimized code structure
by eliminating uneccessary local variables and modularized code into
different functions.

Grace fixed errors in Assignment 1 by implementing prepared SQL statements,
which we then carried into this assignment by adding a few adjustments.
Furthermore, she helped with catching errors and debugging as she practiced
pair-programming with Ariel. She also checked that dotenv was working as it
wasn't working on her partner's device. 

A description of the help that you received from people other
than the course instructors while doing the assignment. Your
description must consist of lines of the form "aspect of your
assignment solution: people from whom you received help." Write "None"
to indicate that you received no help from other people other than
the course instructors.

None.

A description of the written sources of information other than the
lecture material that you used while doing the assignment. Your
description must consist of lines of the form "aspect of your
assignment solution: sources of information." Write "None" to indicate
that you used no written sources of information other than the lecture
material.

We used the argparse module to take in command line arguments:
argparse python documentation
(https://docs.python.org/3/library/argparse.html#)

We used the textwrap module for formatting:
textwrap python documentation
(https://docs.python.org/3/library/textwrap.html)

We used the .join() method on strings since they were too long for
one line and to maintain formatting:
(https://www.w3schools.com/python/ref_string_join.asp)

We used the w3schools for python syntax (such as list(), insert(), list parsing):
(https://www.w3schools.com/python/)

We used the python documentation page for threading
(https://docs.python.org/3/library/threading.html)

We referenced this page for the syntax of thread.threading
(https://codingtechroom.com/question/create-new-thread-client-request-server)

A description of the help that you received from generative AI while
doing the assignment. Your description must consist of lines of the
form "aspect of your assignment solution: generative AI engines used."
Write "None" to indicate that you received no help from generative AI.

None. 

An indication of how much time you spent doing the assignment.

~10 hours

Your assessment of the assignment: Did it help you to learn? What did
it help you to learn? Do you have any suggestions for improvement? Etc.

We really enjoyed trying out networking for the first time in this assignment
and learned a lot from understanding how computers connect with each other 
and communicate information through computing protocols. We also liked the
conceptual learning of the socket, server, and client.

(Optionally) Any information that will help us to grade your work in
the most favorable light. In particular you must describe all known
bugs.

N/A

Your answer to the two questions provided in the assignment
specification.

1. With respect to I/O and compute delays, in a high-volume environment under what circumstances is regserver.py better than regserverprelim.py?
The server is largely the same in speed as the prelim version but its performance decreases less with higher IODELAY
compared to with high CDELAY. 
2. With respect to I/O and compute delays, in a high-volume environment under what circumstances is regserver.py not better than regserverprelim.py?
The server is not better than the prelim version with high CDELAY. 

            I = 5       C = 10       I = 10     I = 20      0          
prelim     5.018654    10.013004    10.016926  20.024050  0.008234
server     5.020409    10.111797    10.020531  20.031087  0.010685

            C = 20       I = 60
prelim     20.075538   80.117777
server     20.495061   80.147606