Your full name and netid and your teammate's full name and netid.

Ariel Yuan (ay3052), Grace Best(gb5279)

A paragraph describing your contribution, and another paragraph
describing your teammate's contribution. Please be thorough; we're
looking for two substantial paragraphs, not a sentence or two. (If
you worked alone, then you should skip this section.)

As per our talk with Professor Dondero, Grace was the driver for a majority of the assignment and Ariel was mostly the navigator. When creating the website (prior to implementing cookies), Grace used the provided templates from lecture 9 and dealt with html formatting (At first, we incorrectly followed the wsgi template and implemented our website from there). After completing the website without cookies, we split in 2 trying to figure out how to implement cookies. Grace worked on implementing the jinja2 template (since we had been following the wsgi template) and Ariel worked on how to add cookies. Grace made the .html files and changed the python script for our convert_to_html() functions to jinja2. Added try/except to database.py to deal with faulty input. Created test files. Once again we divided into 2 to work on pylint / formatting. Grace pylinted penny.py and reviewed html files.

Ariel




A description of the help that you received from people other
than the course instructors while doing the assignment. Your
description must consist of lines of the form "aspect of your
assignment solution: people from whom you received help." Write "None"
to indicate that you received no help from other people other than
the course instructors.

i forgot: Jocelyn
Implementing cookies: Raluca

A description of the written sources of information other than the
lecture material that you used while doing the assignment. Your
description must consist of lines of the form "aspect of your
assignment solution: sources of information." Write "None" to indicate
that you used no written sources of information other than the lecture
material.

Python in a Nutshell (Third Edition), Alex Martelli, Anna Ravenscroft, and Steve Holden, O'Reilly, 2017.
Flask Web Development: Developing Web Applications with Python (Second Edition), Miguel Ginberg, O'Reilly, 2018.
argparse python documentation (https://docs.python.org/3/library/argparse.html#)
textwrap python documentation (https://docs.python.org/3/library/textwrap.html)
.join method (https://www.w3schools.com/python/ref_string_join.asp)
html tables (https://www.w3schools.com/html/tryit.asp?filename=tryhtml_table3)

A description of the help that you received from generative AI while
doing the assignment. Your description must consist of lines of the
form "aspect of your assignment solution: generative AI engines used."
Write "None" to indicate that you received no help from generative AI.

None

An indication of how much time you spent doing the assignment.

14 hours

Your assessment of the assignment: Did it help you to learn? What did
it help you to learn? Do you have any suggestions for improvement? Etc.

This assignment was super helpful since it helped us understand how flask and html files work together to create the website. In fact, this was perfectly aligned with connecting the front-end and back-end of our website for the COS333 project.

(Optionally) Any information that will help us to grade your work in
the most favorable light. In particular you must describe all known
bugs.

[Enter your reply here.]

