Your full name and netid and your teammate's full name and netid.

Ariel Yuan (ay3052), Grace Best (gb5279)

A paragraph describing your contribution, and another paragraph
describing your teammate's contribution. Please be thorough; we're
looking for two substantial paragraphs, not a sentence or two. (If
you worked alone, then you should skip this section.)

Ariel was the driver while Grace was the navigator, so we were
always working on the program together at the same time. 
We would meet up so that we could always be next to each other and code Ariel
did more of the typing while Grace did more debugging and
catching errors in the code. 

Ariel typed most of the initial code structure by building on top of
the code files we went through in class that were of helpful guidance.
She also typed most of the comments and adjusted the line lengths in
terms of style based on the strategy she and Grace came up with.
She also assessed the syntax of the Argparse module and determined
which functionalities to use for assignment specifications. 
She added the test cases from the assignment specifications and 
her joined understanding with Grace about the needed tests. 
She also helped determine ways to shift the code structure such
as breaking elifs into ifs to accomodate for multiple command line
options in regoverviews.py.

Grace helped find documentation for the syntax (general Python
syntax, textwrap, argparse, .join()). She caught errors with 
the difference between f strings and single quoted strings, 
style differences between outputs, using nargs 1 that produced
the wrong error message. She found the correct documentation for
python functions such as join() in order to solve pylint warnings
about line length and make sure the outputs also matches that of
the reference file. 

A description of the help that you received from people other
than the course instructors while doing the assignment. Your
description must consist of lines of the form "aspect of your
assignment solution: people from whom you received help." Write "None"
to indicate that you received no help from other people other than
the course instructors.

Sorting our columns alphabetically, using ‘metavars’ and ‘type’
in argparse to throw errors if in-compatible input: TA Raluca Ghilea.

A description of the written sources of information other than the
lecture material that you used while doing the assignment. Your
description must consist of lines of the form "aspect of your
assignment solution: sources of information." Write "None" to indicate
that you used no written sources of information other than the lecture
 material.

We used the argparse module to take in command lien arguments:
argparse python documentation
(https://docs.python.org/3/library/argparse.html#)

We used the textwrap module for formatting:
textwrap python documentation
(https://docs.python.org/3/library/textwrap.html)

We used the .join() method on strings since they were too long for
one line and to maintain formatting:
(https://www.w3schools.com/python/ref_string_join.asp)

We used the w3schools for python syntax (such as list(), insert(), list parsing):
(https://www.w3schools.com/python/)

A description of the help that you received from generative AI while
doing the assignment. Your description must consist of lines of the
form "aspect of your assignment solution: generative AI engines used."
Write "None" to indicate that you received no help from generative AI.

None

An indication of how much time you spent doing the assignment.

~11 hours

Your assessment of the assignment: Did it help you to learn? What did
it help you to learn? Do you have any suggestions for improvement? Etc.

I really liked that a lot of the assignment work is with the nuances
of the sytax and truly understanding what every method and keyword
meant. I just hoped that we could've covered more of the external
libraries such as Argparse in class. Libraries such as Textwrap that
are more simple could be for us to explore on our own. 

(Optionally) Any information that will help us to grade your work in
the most favorable light. In particular you must describe all known
bugs.

NA